Hopefully your life sir is working properly.
Or you went along with me and installed a preview on your browser right.
What.
That was the name preview on the web server.
That was the name of the extension or you just don't care.
That might be the third option which is also valid in this case since obviously it is more important
for me to show you what's happening maybe in your case you don't care you can just work in your success
and just look at the big browser for all the changes.
Let me just go back to the files again and I'm gonna close the sidebar and we're gonna head over to.
Surprise surprise the stars.
Yes.
Right after these stars.
Yes that's why don't we do this properly.
I'm gonna get rid of this.
We're gonna add some comments.
This is gonna be skills.
Copy and paste not switching the screens just copying pasting and skills.
And here let's start styling this.
So first of all probably let me say this and we'll see that.
This is gonna go back to the normal age to email that we had before.
I can maybe make this bigger.
Might as well because there's still plenty of space for me here.
Let's say first skills.
Now what I would like to do with the skills are I would first want to add the background.
Now what kind of background.
You see that we have this great background and for this we already have the variable so we can target
this.
And I believe that was what I was main Gray.
So now the background for my whole skills section is going to be great.
Mark what else.
Well we have the skill.
Now what was the skill or skill was each and every article that has the icon title and text.
So each and every article has here the class of skill.
What I would want for that particular column or stool might be let's start with pairing zero or I'm
starting at zero.
2.5 our team's top bottom and left and right is gonna be zero.
Now we're having our panic.
Well what else we would like.
Well we can also do text to line maybe in the center.
So now we're gonna line everything in the center and we can also add right away.
Transition what is gonna be transition well later on we're gonna set up the hover effect.
So as I'm hovering I'm going to be changing the color here and since I would want that change to happen
over time.
And since more importantly we have already covered is more than a few times.
So you should be more uncomfortable understanding that I'm writing right now my main transition.
And later on I'm gonna work on that transition because at the moment I was there nothing changes.
We haven't added Our hover effect.
Okay.
Next in line we have skill icon and what I would like to do with the skill icon and first of all let
me head over back to the next century email and show you that I did wrap my skill icon within the span.
However I think I messed it up a little bit where I did not and the class.
So we're not going to be able to select the reason if you're asking well why you are using the span
you're wrapping this and all that.
Well it is a very simple answer.
Remember I was telling you that the moment they switched from four point seventy five they started using
the syntax where you had to have them of course.
Now I showed you that with vandalism.
We can place these classes here or we can select them or you know no sorry we cannot place the classes
here as far as I remember but we can select this we can say let's say this class but I still find it
I don't know by habit I guess I'm adding these classes here to the parent element.
You technically don't have to do it.
You can select this class and apply the same changes and I think everything should be working fine.
But since I have this bad habit as they were or maybe you know not that habit since I have the habit
of as I was applying Phantasm as they were moving from one version to another one I will gonna be using
this parent Whenever I'm working with Phantasm I might switch around somewhere but I think I'm going
to stay like this.
You know what name.
Maybe in a photo I will gonna do it or we're just selecting a class but for now all I'm doing right
now is adding this class to this plan.
There is a parent of my Phantasm so that was number three as well as to this guy.
Otherwise of course I can selected everything in a style C assess and nothing is gonna happen.
What I would like here for this stylized font size is going to be 2.5 hour in so my icon is gonna be
much bigger margin bottom is gonna be one point five.
So I've announced some margin bottom.
Then we also have an option or what.
Well I think we can do to transition because again has I'm going to be hovering I'm going to be lifting
this icon.
However I would want to do it over some period of time.
And that's the reason again why I'm using transition.
Well since we're using the variable and variable is gonna be exactly the same.
You can copy and paste it.
You can just say that both of them are gonna have exactly the same transition last but not least since
I'm using the margin bottom and this is a span.
Previously you noticed probably how I added the margin bottom but nothing changed.
Now just to double check let's see if this is going to be three point five.
Do you think something is going to change or not.
And what is the reason why nothing is changing.
Remember we talked about inline elements block elements in line block and if you remember we were talking
was the span was what Well I think it was the Enlightenment.
So we can add 10 hour EMC or nothing is going to change.
What we need to do is we need to have display and instead of in line we're gonna do inline block now.
So this is gonna add three point five which is not what I want.
So I'll just go in one point five.
So that way we're getting our margin in the bottom.
Also I would like to work on a skill title which is this guy right over here.
Ask Yale to hold that was my class and then I would like to start by phone size zero point nine or Iams.
So the fans are gonna get you guys a little bit smaller than font weight.
We can maybe add our font weight on bold so make them a little bit bolder.
What else we have.
And I believe you know what I was told and save it and second for the headings you're gonna be hearing
the bold anyway.
So in some cases this might be a no work.
But just in case let's add.
Text transform notes do uppercase.
Now this is gonna be uppercase as well as we have the letter spacing.
And for this we have the variable remember where spacing variable.
Now the letters are gonna be spaced out.
You know what we're gonna do the same margin bottom.
So I can copy and paste it here.
Margin of error is going to be one point five.
And I would want to have the color.
Now the color is gonna be primary again.
So primary color and now this is gonna be green.
However again as I'm hovering notice what happens not only I'm changing the background not only I'm
lifting up the icon I'm forcing the changing the color here for the tile.
So what do you think I need to do if we are thinking about it well we want that change but we want it
all the time right.
So don't you think we need to also transition here and this is what's happening.
What is neat.
The fact that we set up this transition and later on you can change that transition if you don't like
zero point three okay.
Granted granted if you want multiple transitions that are let's say different timing and all.
Yeah that's probably not gonna work.
The fact that we're storing here variable but in our case since I know that my transitions are going
to be all the same.
So for all my pay I just want the same transitions I can set this up here as a variable and then I can
just reuse it.
I don't have to retype this annoying all zero point three.
He's an out blah blah blah blah blah blah.
So I think overall the variables really really save are behind because they just allow us to work much
more faster that way if we want to change that transition how it works.
We just need to change it in one place instead of again jumping through the whole our document and then
start changing.
And because think about it at the moment our document is kind of small but it's already.
How many transitions we have no sure thing that on a big page this is gonna be much more.
Well I think it will right.
Anyway long story short we're adding this transition because we will gonna be changing the color and
that would be for the tile.
And last we are having this skill text so I'm gonna say scale text here.
Let's do some line height.
I believe this was 1 point 5 but you know what.
No we already set it up globally anyway it doesn't really matter.
So when we say a line height what else I would like.
Well I'm gonna add a little bit of I'm not font size I think font size is also gonna be good.
Let's also work maybe with max width so that's what I would like to do.
Because at the moment you're probably gonna notice something kind of annoying where this text is gonna
be spanning all across and that's gonna be even worse as we're working with the bigger screen.
Know this is probably not a look that you would want.
So what would be the solution.
What we have here a property called Max with Mm hmm.
Works again.
Main with Max with mean height Max right.
They work in very very similar way.
So what's happening with Max with I'm saying be the with whatever you want to be.
However you will never gonna be bigger does some kind of way.
Now what kind of with.
Well I can pick and choose I can say 10 pixels 20 pixels or two hundred pixels.
Now my guess I'm gonna say 13.
Ari.
Now what happens is I just like how this text looks much better when it's small.
And even though when we were going to be changing later on to column layout and this is going to still
stay exactly the same.
Now the way we're going to work with this though we need to place it down a center.
So at the moment we have the max width so this is not anymore sitting in a center.
Remember the display had multiple things right.
So we had a display element and we couldn't just place it in the center with text center even though
we are adding this.
Let's say for the whole skill.
Now I will digress a little bit.
But anyway what we can do with the black ones we can see margin and remember it was zero.
No.
So now I'm going to place it in the center.
Is there a secret value here for this 13 arms.
No I just I looked at multiple screens and I just kind of came up with this.
There is no real secret or anything about it.
You can say bigger ones if you like your text to be kind of spending more.
You can do that.
I just kind of looked at this whatever title and I decided that in most cases this is just gonna look
decent again.
There's nothing secretive about this right.
All right.
Why don't we start working with these hover effects because at the moment we have been adding a lot
of things but as we're hovering nothing is happening now in my case we're going to say or in our case
I'm sorry we're all working together not just me.
And then when I say has I'm hollering what I would want to do now let's think about it what the rest
has said background first.
So each and every time we're gonna be hovering over this skill article I would like to change the background
what color you can change this to red blue pink whatever.
What I would like to change is drum roll please.
And we're looking for the primary color because that's going to be the color that I'm changing.
So what's happening right now as I'm hovering the changes applied over time.
Again why the changes over time because of the transition.
People transition transition transition you want your hover effects to be nice transition early on.
Let's not transition that transition.
OK.
Long story short we are hovering we're changing the background so far so good.
What else we have.
I believe we were working with the title and the icon.
So how do we make those selections.
Well first of all I'm going to say skill and then we're gonna be hovering.
So we're still gonna be hovering over the skill.
How low.
What I'm saying right now is I'm gonna have the syntax of space.
So there has to be space here and then I'm gonna be targeting again the class that I would like to change
now in my case I'm going to say skill Tyrell is gonna have to change as I'm hovering as well as I'm
gonna copy and paste this I'm not gonna set it up like this.
Not only in the skill title.
Remember we are also changing the skill icon.
Correct.
So we had skill and this is gonna be the icon.
Now what I'm saying right now is as I'm hovering over the skill article something about this needs to
be changed not that something can be anything.
In our case this is just gonna be simply color because we're going to say for the skill titled color
is going to change to green because otherwise you're not going to be able to see the title.
So let's write again.
The main white color right then was color.
And what else we're having now you can copy and paste the color and we're gonna say here and and this
is not going to be main white.
And you know what no my but we're not changing the color.
We're lifting up the icon.
So my apologies we're doing in fact the transform transform and how we can translate it.
Well I already told you we can translate it with a property with translate Y which will gonna be a function.
And I'm just gonna lift it up five pixels and again this might seem a little bit confusing the more
and more you're gonna start using this the more you're gonna understand the more sections we're gonna
cover where what I'm saying is not has I'm hovering over this particular icon what I'm saying as I'm
hovering over the parent container then I want some changes here happening to whatever the title or
the icon.
And let me save it.
And notice what happened.
So two things or I'm not actually three the background changes for the skill the icon is lifted up five
pixels as well as the color and all of them are happening with the not nice transition because we added
the nice transition also what else we're having.
Well you probably are looking at it on a bigger screen and you're like Well I mean it looks good but
I mean I don't think so I would want to have some kind of calm layer that probably would make a lot
more sense and you're right we do need to make a column layout for this one Muslim media so we can be
looking again with the media queries we're going to be working with them.
The syntax was at media screen and then I'm going to say and get rid of this sand.
And now we need to decide starting from what screen size because I mostly like to use men with that
doesn't mean that I exclusively work with men with but a lot of times men with just makes a little bit
more sense.
So when I say men with so starting from what kind of screen and I'm gonna say starting from five hundred
and seventy six pixels so starting from that screen size I would like to work with this skill article
and for each and every article I would like the flow rate restored to the left and add some kind of
way.
Now in this case my with is going to be 50 percent now at the moment we're not going to be able to see
anything because we're less than five so many six hour.
Check this out.
So if I'm gonna make this bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger I have to column layer and
I can also see this in the bigger screen and I have to call and learn more okay.
Why don't we make a four column layout as we get to even bigger screen.
So I think you're gonna be able to see if I work here.
I mean correct me if I'm wrong but I think we can leave this for now just so we can see the columns
and everything and we can have the media query right here.
So what we're doing is that.
Okay.
So we have one media query starting from 576.
How about if we go to twelve hundred instead and then change the with two twenty five.
Now we don't need to add any more this left.
Now the reason for that because we already added this on a smaller screen size.
So what's happening is that this is being already applied.
Now what I can do is I can just get rid of this and I can say that starting from the screen size of
twelve hundred pixels the layout is going to be twenty five.
So this is how it's gonna look like.
Let me serve this properly and we have been successful.
Now we cannot kind of see it here and I don't want to mess up the whole view here.
So I'm just going to leave it here like this or say that we're gonna be working on this screen size
but on a bigger screen size the bigger browser window you can see that I'm having four of them now with
this guy.
I don't really care.
I can mess this up a little bit.
I can say that this is gonna be my let's say past twelve hundred but as I'm making smaller notice the
moment we're gonna get less than 100 we're gonna have to call them later.
Now you can go even more drastic.
This is really up to you.
Understand that you can control whatever columns you want.
You want to set up something here in the middle with let's say 33.
You can obviously do that.
However there is an issue and let me show you the issue so we're gonna head over back to indexation
the amount we're gonna go let's say right for the section.
This is gonna be end of scale section and let's add some random having one and say hey low world the
hello world.
Okay.
So we're having our hello world.
Now let me show you what happens because of the floating has we're actually floating everything.
Now it might be a little bit hard to see you notice how quickly it happened but you will clearly see
this.
If I were going to head over here and the single skill let's just comment it out the last one.
So I'm not deleting this will still going to keep it but for now let's just comment.
Let me save this and let's see what happens is that something you want.
We have the section we have the columns.
What is this dude doing here.
You're not welcome.
We didn't need you.
But what happens.
That's one of the annoying things with loads is you are taking this out of the normal flow.
So you're floating everything to the left so it fits wherever it can fit.
But it even is triggering even as you saw that even when we had four columns it was annoying a little
bit when depending on the screen size it jumped a little bit inside there and you probably want to avoid
that.
Now the way we do that is something called clear fix hack.
This is not really obviously had didn't come up with anything like that but you can write clear fix
hack and maybe add CSX or something like this and they're just gonna basically give you a lot of places
where you can get the hack you don't have to.
Again there is no specific place the way basically this is gonna work is I'm going to show you but just
in case you don't believe me again you can search the online you can find pretty much the same scenario
the way this is gonna work is first of all come on this out and then we're gonna head all back to style
CSI now within the style cirrhosis remember we had some elements right.
So we had these help our utility glasses what I would like to do right now is set up the selector where
as I'm working set up some kind of class and with this class I'm just gonna add some properties and
values that are gonna help me to get rid of this.
Now the way this is gonna work let's say this is gonna be clear fix now there's gonna be a clear fixed
class we haven't added this class in our email yet but we will.
And remember these pseudo elements before and after.
So when we say clear fix after as well as comma clear fix before.
Remember those were the two that placed before and after the content before.
And then we need to light three lines of cotton since we're using the pseudo elements we do need to
use the content is gonna be at least an empty quotation marks we also need to use remember we had wooden
floats we had clear now in my case I would like to use the boat just in case maybe I'm floating something
to the right.
So you're saying clear both and last but not least you would want to use this play and table.
Now again I don't want you to really worry about this cone.
This is something that just being copied and pasted in your projects and what you're doing is you're
getting rid of this fact that as you're floating then the next content is gonna be sticking up where
the original content should be.
So in this case what I can do is I can head over back to indexation IMO and since this skills is where
I'm floating everything I'm just going to have this glass I'm going to say clear fix.
Now I'm gonna save it.
And just to show you that this is gonna work.
Let me again come on this out and as I say it even though we're gonna go to the bigger screen size you'll
see that I have my normal column layout.
So this heading one is not anymore being let's say here side by side because there's not enough space
for the count.
And what we're doing here is we are saying that wherever we're going to be placing this class before
and after.
Would you like to make sure that if we're floating everything here or anything here would you use the
clear both the content whatever and then display table.
Now again this is nothing really you need to lose your sleepover you're going to copy and pasted in
your projects and you're just gonna have to remember it whatever you're going to be floating something.
Make sure that you add that class.
So let's say for the parent element if you're gonna be floating the let's say the skills or anything
like that or any kind of element.
Just add this class and that is gonna solve all your problems.
And yeah I think that we're done with this section and we're ready to move on and start working on our
next section.